YNU-864: Learn introduction rewrite (v1 mental model) (#152)
layer-3/docs: docs/nitrolite/learn/introduction/supported-chains.mdx

const privateKey = process.env.PRIVATE_KEY as `0x${string}`;

const { stateSigner, txSigner } = createSigners(privateKey);
const client = await Client.create(
  wsUrl,
  stateSigner,
  txSigner,
  withBlockchainRPC(chainId, rpcUrl),
);

const config = await client.getConfig();
const assets = await client.getAssets();

for (const chain of config.blockchains) {
  console.log(`${chain.name} (${chain.id}) ChannelHub=${chain.channelHubAddress}`);
}

for (const asset of assets) {
  console.log(`${asset.symbol} decimals=${asset.decimals}`);
  for (const token of asset.tokens) {
    console.log(`  chain=${token.blockchainId} token=${token.address}`);
  }
}
```

Raw RPC clients can call `node.v1.get_config` for blockchain and ChannelHub data and `node.v1.get_assets` for asset and token data.

---

## Deployed v1 Contract Folders

The Nitrolite repository currently contains v1 deployment artifacts under [`contracts/deployments`](https://github.com/layer-3/nitrolite/tree/main/contracts/deployments).

| Chain ID | Deployment folder |
| ---: | --- |
| `11155111` | `contracts/deployments/11155111/` |
| `80002` | `contracts/deployments/80002/` |
| `84532` | `contracts/deployments/84532/` |

> Each folder contains ChannelHub, ChannelEngine, escrow engine, signature validator, and test token deployment records for that chain. Use the runtime RPC response for the active endpoint you are connected to, because a node may support only a subset of deployed chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each folder contains ChannelHub, ChannelEngine, escrow engines, signature validators, and test token deployment records for that chain. Use the runtime RPC response for the active endpoint you are connected to, because a node may support only a subset of deployed chains.
```

Author: Updated the deployment-folder description in [2c41788](https://github.com/layer-3/docs/commit/2c41788c38c77d8bb8cd978b7f9b06e4964a4ee7).

---

## Asset Symbols

> Asset symbols are node configuration, not protocol constants. The current v1 sandbox examples use symbols such as `yusd` and `yellow`, but applications should discover the available list through `client.getAssets()` or `node.v1.get_assets`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asset symbols are node configuration, not protocol constants. The current v1 sandbox examples use symbols such as `yusd` and `yellow`, all represented in lower case, but applications should discover the available list through `client.getAssets()` or `node.v1.get_assets`.
```

Author: Applied the asset-symbol wording and removed the maintainer-facing note in [2c41788](https://github.com/layer-3/docs/commit/2c41788c38c77d8bb8cd978b7f9b06e4964a4ee7).

> When the canonical sandbox URL and faucet are finalized, verify symbols against the live endpoint before publishing copy-paste funding instructions.

Reviewer: "When the canonical sandbox URL and faucet are finalized, verify symbols against the live endpoint before publishing copy-paste funding instructions" is advice to a docs maintainer, not to a developer reading the page. It also implicitly signals that the content above is provisional without giving readers anything actionable.

**Suggestion:** Remove this sentence. If the sandbox URL is not yet stable, replace with a single callout: "The sandbox endpoint and faucet are not yet finalized. Discover current symbols via `client.getAssets()` when you connect."

Author: Removed the maintainer-facing sandbox/faucet sentence in [2c41788](https://github.com/layer-3/docs/commit/2c41788c38c77d8bb8cd978b7f9b06e4964a4ee7).
